# Linguistics for Spiders

`rāvòtifsimpábàb'ádi losi` is a deep reflection of myself. There's not really a good way of getting around that. As a project it has seen me through a huge amount of ideological and spiritual exploration. That said, as a language, I think I'm ready to let `tābòkò'afšidi` go free. I have a lot of feelings about this, and I'm not going to be able to communicate them all, but I'm going to try my best and hope that it comes across well. I want to see this language live its own life beyond my control, I want people to speak it and say things I would never have thought, I want to be able to look at it doing things I could never have imagined and say "I helped make that", I want to have it be part of something larger than myself. To do this I need to let it go — but I'm not emotionally ready to do that yet. What follows is my attempt to put into words what I think would be a success or failure of `rāvòz'ádi losi`. It is part manifesto, part diary, and should not be taken seriously as either. This is a thing that I love and as such would not dream to limit, however much I wish to protect it.

I will write guidance in `tābòkò'afdi` for speakers/writers, and in English for learners. Read what makes sense to you. If you disagree with me, so be it, I do not mean this as a persuasive work. As I have done to Ouwi and UNLWS, take what you like and discard the rest. I am not interested in copyright, only in how this foothold on the continent of non-linear languages is used.